Adds data source properties to `delta table` connector. (#1464)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.10.17-dev8

### Enhancements

> * **Adds data source properties to SharePoint, Outlook, Onedrive, Reddit, Slack, Delta Table connectors** These properties (date_created, date_modified, version, source_url, record_locator) are written to element metadata during ingest, mapping elements to information about the document source from which they derive. This functionality enables downstream applications to reveal source document applications, e.g. a link to a GDrive doc, Salesforce record, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Adds data source properties to SharePoint, Outlook, Onedrive, Reddit, Slack, and DeltaTable connectors** These properties (date_created, date_modified, version, source_url, record_locator) are written to element metadata during ingest, mapping elements to information about the document source from which they derive. This functionality enables downstream applications to reveal source document applications, e.g. a link to a GDrive doc, Salesforce record, etc.
```
